Today we're going to talk about
how to secure data through Kafka.
Let's say your team has decided
that integrating a stream processing
platform into your system is the
best way to meet both the scaling
and agility needs of your business.
And Apache Kafka was the obvious
choice as the platform to use.
You've also decided to take advantage
of the years of specialized experience
in running Kafka at scale that you get
from using Confluent Cloud, thereby
allowing your team to focus on adding
value rather than running infrastructure.
The development is complete.
The team has a working solution
where producers can send
data to Confluent Cloud, and
consumers are able to receive it.
On the other side, communication
between your producers and Confluent
Cloud is encrypted in transit using
transport layer security, and messages
being sent from Confluent Cloud to your
consumers are also encrypted in transit.
Things are working great, and
so you're about to proceed with
moving everything into production.
But a security and compliance
review has surfaced a problem.
While you trust Confluent Cloud, the
increased focus on reducing supply chain
risk means having data moved through their
systems unencrypted no longer meets your
organization's security requirements.
And that's because while data is encrypted
in transit, it's not encrypted for the
entire time it's in motion through Kafka.
Encryption and decryption is happening
at the transport layer, meaning
that your message is decrypted at
wherever the edge termination occurs.
That could be on the provisioned
cluster, a load balancer,
or a cdn, and those aren't
implementation decisions you control.
But even if they were, the
Kafka broker is still able to
read the message in plain text.
So if the broker itself is ever
compromised, then the plain text data is
at least temporarily available in memory
whenever it is handling your messages.
So how do you mitigate the risk to your
business should some other vendor in
your supply chain have a security breach?
You need to be able to ensure two things.
Number one:
there is no possibility for a third party
to read the data while it's in transit.
And number two, that there's no
possibility for a third party to
modify the data while it's in transit.
Without solutions to both of these,
there is a risk that a security
breach in your own supply chain
can not only expose your sensitive
data, but it can cause unexpected
downstream escalations of their own.
Ockam simplifies this by pushing
cryptographic key generation out to the
edges of the system where authenticated
encryption and decryption occurs.
Producer and consumer are able to
establish a mutually trusted, secure
channel between each other, and by
pushing the control of the keys to
the edges of the system, no other
parties in the supply chain are able
to read or modify the data in transit.
You can be assured that the data you
receive at the consumer is exactly
what was sent by your producers.
Ockam Secure channels also
regularly rotate authentication
keys and session secrets.
That means that if one of those
session secrets was exposed, your
total exposure window is limited to the
small duration that secret was in use.
With centralized shared key distribution
approaches, there is the risk that all
the current and historical data can no
longer be trusted after a breach because
it may have been tampered with or stolen.
Ockam's approach eliminates the risk
of compromised historical data and
minimizes the risk to future data
by automatically rotating keys.
So that's a few unique benefits.
One: unique cryptographic keys
for every identity in your.
Two: tamper-proof data in motion.
And three: a reduced exposure window
if a session secret is compromised.
And all of that is possible with
no code changes, and configuration
updates that can be applied within
minutes to existing deployments.
Get started today with the Confluent
add-on for Ockam Orchestrator.